Individual Project Submission
Submit Assignment
Due Thursday by 11:59pm  Points 100  Submitting a file upload  Available Nov 30 at 12am - Dec 3 at 11:59pm 4 days
Project submission due date is end of day Thursday, December 3rd (at midnight)
The grader will be grading it on Friday, December 4th between 8:30AM and 3:30PM - this is when you'll need to have your AdWords campaign enabled for.
The grader will be grading from Jersey City, NJ location.


Background

Mock eCommerce site
Hosted at provider of your choice under your registered URL
You Must Submit:

Home page URL
Reporting (Google Analytics) screenshot
SEO keyword(s) – Natural Search – your site needs to show up within first 2 pages
SEM keyword(s) - Paid search campaign (Google AdWords) – your site ads need to show up after the maximum of 5 page refreshes (either on top or on the right hand side of the page)
A/B testing description as per A/B testing homework
Your website Must have:

Home page
Category page
Product page
Shopping Cart page
Checkout page
Order confirmation page
A/B testing
Reporting (Google Analytics)
SEO
SEM - Paid search campaign (Google AdWords)


How Project Will Be Graded

on Friday, December 4th between 8:30AM and 3:30PM the grader will:

1.Go to google.com in an anonymous (Incognito) browser and enter site’s SEM (paid ads via AdWords) keywords. Graded site should come up in a list of ads after at most 5 tries / page refreshes. Hint: write some content for (and then purchase) a combination of keywords which are unique enough to cost little but not too obscure to avoid not having enough traffic to them. Hint: clear cache & cookies and then use a separate incognito browser window to simulate new users.

2.Go to google.com in another anonymous (Incognito) browser and enter your site’s presence on first 2 pages of natural search (SEO). Hint: clear cache & cookies and then use a separate incognito browser window to simulate new users.

3.Browse to your site and go through Home->Category->Product->Shopping cart->Checkout->order confirmation flow.

4.Check for Google Analytics (screenshot)

5.Check for A/B testing. Hint: clear cache & cookies and then use a separate incognito browser window to simulate new users.
